[IMP] inventory: update scrap doc (#9113)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/warehouses_storage/inventory_management/scrap_inventory.rst

Scrap inventory
===============

.. |SP| replace:: :abbr:`SP (Scrap Order)`
.. |SPs| replace:: :abbr:`SPs (Scrap Orders)`

Sometimes, products in a company's warehouse stock might be found to be damaged or defective, past

> the point of being reparable. If it is not possible to repair or or return the product to a vendor,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the point of being reparable. If it is not possible to repair or return the product to a vendor,
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

> the point of being reparable. If it is not possible to repair or return the product to a vendor, it

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

can be scrapped.

Odoo *Inventory* allows users to scrap inventory, designating goods or materials that are no longer

> usable or sellable for disposal or recycling.

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

> Scrapping inventory in a database helps stock counts remain accurate, removing scrapped products

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

from physical inventory, and placing it in a virtual scrap location (*Virtual Locations/Scrap*).

.. note::
   *Virtual locations* in Odoo are **not** real, physical spaces in a warehouse. Rather, they are

>    designated locations in a database that allow tracking of items that shouldn't be counted in a

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   physical inventory.

   For more information about virtual locations, see the documentation about the different types of
   :ref:`locations <inventory/warehouses_storage/difference-warehouse-location>`.

Configuration
=============

To use locations in warehouse, including a virtual scrap location, the *Storage Locations* feature
must first be enabled.

To do so, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`, and scroll down
to the :guilabel:`Warehouse` section. Tick the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Storage Locations` to
enable the feature, and click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: scrap_inventory/scrap-inventory-enabled-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled Storage Locations setting in Inventory app settings.

Scrap from stock
================

To create a new scrap order (SP) for an in-stock product, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app
--> Operations --> Scrap`, and click :guilabel:`New`. This opens a new |SP| form.

> Click the drop-down in the :guilabel:`Product` field, and select the product that should be scrapped

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

> from inventory. In the :guilabel:`Quantity` field, change the value to the quantity of that product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from inventory. In the :guilabel:`Quantity` field, change the value to the quantity of the product
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

that should be scrapped (by default, this value is set to `1.00`).

.. image:: scrap_inventory/scrap-inventory-new-scrap-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Filled out new scrap order form with product details.

The :guilabel:`Source Location` defaults to the location where the product is currently stored. The

> :guilabel:`Scrap Location` defaults to the designated scrap location (`Virtual Locations/Scrap`).

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

Either of these locations can be changed by selecting a different location from their respective
drop-down menus.

> The :guilabel:`Company` field displays the company whose warehouse this product belongs to. If a

Author: Good idea - added that in here. Suggestion implemented ✅

replenishment rule is set up for the product being scrapped, and if the product should be
replenished, tick the checkbox for :guilabel:`Replenish Quantities`.

Once ready, click :guilabel:`Validate` to complete the new |SP|. Once validated, a
:guilabel:`Product Moves` smart button appears at the top of the form. Click the smart button to
view the details of the scrap operation.

.. image:: scrap_inventory/scrap-inventory-product-moves-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Product Moves smart button on new scrap order form.

.. tip::
   To view the all-time total quantities of scrapped items, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory

>    app --> Configuration --> Locations`. Click to remove the :guilabel:`Internal` filter from the
>    :guilabel:`Search...` bar to display virtual locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   app --> Configuration --> Locations`. Click the :guilabel:`x (remove)` button on the :guilabel:`Internal` filter in the
   :guilabel:`Search...` bar, to display virtual locations.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   Select the :guilabel:`Virtual Locations/Scrap` location. From the :guilabel:`Scrap` location's
   form, click the :guilabel:`Current Stock` smart button, at the top of the form.

>    A list of all scrapped products and their quantities is displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   A list of all scrapped products, and their quantities, is displayed.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   .. image:: scrap_inventory/scrap-inventory-current-stock.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Current Stock list of all scrapped products in virtual scrap location.

Scrap from an existing operation
================================

Scrap orders (SPs) can *also* be created from existing operations, such as receipts, delivery

> orders, and internal transfers, before they are entered into or removed from stock for an operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
orders, and internal transfers, before they are entered into, or removed from, stock for an operation.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

To scrap a product during an operation, navigate to the :menuselection:`Inventory app`. From the

> :guilabel:`Inventory Overview`, locate the :guilabel:`# To Process` button on an operation's task

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Inventory Overview`, click the :guilabel:`# To Process` button on an operation's task
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

card (i.e. the :guilabel:`Receipts` task card).

.. image:: scrap_inventory/scrap-inventory-receipts-task-card.png
   :align: center
   :alt: # To Process button on Receipts task card on Inventory Overview page.

> Click the :guilabel:`# To Process` button, and select an operation to process from the resulting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, select an operation to process from the resulting
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

list of existing orders. Doing so opens that operation's form.

> Click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Actions (gear)` icon, and select :guilabel:`Scrap` from the list of
> resulting options. This opens a :guilabel:`Scrap Products` pop-up window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Actions (gear)` icon, and select :guilabel:`Scrap` from the
resulting drop-down menu. This opens a :guilabel:`Scrap Products` pop-up window.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

.. image:: scrap_inventory/scrap-inventory-popup-window.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Scrap Products pop-up window on operation form.

> From this pop-up, click the drop-down in the :guilabel:`Product` field, and select the products from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From this pop-up window, click the drop-down menu in the :guilabel:`Product` field, and select the products from
```

Reviewer 2: do you think it might be beneficial to mention that a 'Lot/Serial' field might appear after a 'Product' is selected?

Author: Nice catch - did my testing with a non-tracked product, so didn't think of this! Suggestion implemented ✅

   form, click the :guilabel:`Current Stock` smart button, at the top of the form.

   A list of all scrapped products, and their quantities, is displayed.

   .. image:: scrap_inventory/scrap-inventory-current-stock.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Current Stock list of all scrapped products in virtual scrap location.

Scrap from an existing operation
================================

Scrap orders (SPs) can *also* be created from existing operations, such as receipts, delivery
orders, and internal transfers, before they are entered into, or removed from, stock for an
operation.

To scrap a product during an operation, navigate to the :menuselection:`Inventory app`. From the
:guilabel:`Inventory Overview`, click the :guilabel:`# To Process` button on an operation's task
card (i.e. the :guilabel:`Receipts` task card).

.. image:: scrap_inventory/scrap-inventory-receipts-task-card.png
   :align: center
   :alt: # To Process button on Receipts task card on Inventory Overview page.

Then, select an operation to process from the resulting list of existing orders. Doing so opens that
operation's form.

> Click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Actions (gear)` icon, and select :guilabel:`Scrap` from the resulting

Reviewer 3: Since the text "Actions" is in a tooltip, I dont think we should include it in the icon guilabel, maybe state "from the actions drop-down menu"?
```suggestion
Click the :guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon, and select :guilabel:`Scrap` from the resulting
```
Also feel free to use the FA icon role for this moving forward :)
```suggestion
Click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(cog)` icon, and select :guilabel:`Scrap` from the resulting
```
This does bring up several points to discuss with the team regarding whether or not to use the icon class name or it's given tool-tip name in the :guilabel:, and furthermore, is "gear" a better label than "cog"? I'm going to use this as an example to start this discussion :)

<img width="834" alt="Screenshot 2024-05-09 at 11 46 08 AM" src="https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/36018073/0218bd2f-0909-4630-a165-563aa0244bab">

Author: Decided to go with the FA icon and the "cog" label for this one - I think staying consistent with the FA icon role is good practice because not everything in Odoo has a useful tooltip description ... but I agree this is a good discussion to have! Suggestion implemented ✅
